We studied the machine learning process,
applied techniques to explore and
prepare data, discussed the different
categories of machine learning tasks,
looked at metrics and
methods for evaluating a model,
learned how to use scalable machine
learning algorithms for big data problems,
and worked with two widely used tools to
construct the machine learning models.
I hope that the lectures, along with
the hands-on activities, have given you
a sound and practical introduction to
machine learning tools and techniques.
I also hope that the course piqued
your interest in the exiting and
rapidly developing field of
machine learning for big data.
Keep in mind that the best
way to learn machine learning
is to do machine learning.
So I encourage you to go out and find
a problem or data set that interest you.
Apply the techniques you've learned in
this course to it and start analyzing.
Thank you for your time and effort on
this course, happy machine learning.